Ibrahim Abdel Aziz
Information Technology Supervisor
ibrahim.abdelaziz@email.com |+20 123 456 7890 |/githubgithub.com/ibrahim-abdel-aziz |/linkedin
linkedin.com/in/ibrahim-abdel-aziz |ibrahimabdelaziz.com
Summary
Seeking a position as an Information Technology Specialist. Over 5 years of information technology experience in the U.S.
Army, including over 1 year of supervisory experience. Trained personnel in the set-up of IT equipment, ensuring all
equipment is properly connected and functioning. Regularly troubleshoot and install various IT equipment and systems.
Accountable for the maintenance and inventory of over $1 million worth of IT and other communications equipment with
zero losses or damages. Possess a Security and Microsoft Certification and a Secret Security Clearance.
Education
Certification, Windows 7, Microsoft, Fort Bragg, NC, 2012
Certification, Security, Comptia, Yong San, Korea, 2012
Distinguished Graduate Certificate, Information Technology (Network Communications) Course, 2009, U.S. Army, Cairo,
Egypt
Certificate, IT Network and Cisco Routing, IT Field Services Branch, 2009, Cairo, Egypt
Associate of Science: Radiography, 2008, Northwest Florida State College, Cairo, Egypt
Radiography Certificate, 2001, IT Tech Prep, Trumbull Career and Technical Center, Cairo, Egypt
Diploma, 2001, Warren G. Harding, Cairo, Egypt
Experience
Information Technology Supervisor Full-time
Vodafone Egypt 01/2011 - 05/2014
•Supervise up to 10 personnel at one time, delegating tasks, conducting performance evaluations and providing
corrective counseling as necessary.
•Train personnel in the set-up and proper use of IT related equipment while adhering to all policies and procedures.
•Responsible for the inventory of over $1 million worth of network communications equipment.
•Tasked by President of the United States to act as supervisor and maintain signal communications for Fort Bragg
army base.
Information Technology Technician Full-time
Orange Egypt 01/2009 - 01/2011
•Maintained communications equipment in order to effectively relay confidential and secret information.
•Utilized electronic test equipment to troubleshoot malfunctioning communications equipment and complete repairs
as necessary.
•Regularly set up and added computer systems to a communication network, installing operation systems, accessing
stored programs and utilizing IP addresses.
•Received training in LAN/WAN protocols.
Radiology Technologist Full-time
CIB Bank 05/2008 - 09/2008
•Routinely performed radiological examinations in a medical clinic.
•Competent and experienced in the set-up and adjustment of medical devices or equipment.
•Regularly provided customer assistance, ensuring all patients received timely and accurate care.
•Accountable for the accurate documentation via electronic database and file system ensuring all confidentiality was
maintained.
Command Post Controller Full-time
Egy-Tech Solutions 10/2001 - 10/2005
•Provided command, control, communications, and information support throughout operations during peacetime,
emergency, and disaster situations.
•Received and relayed instructions and records, submitting manual and automated data products.
•Disseminated time-sensitive critical information to senior leaders and support agencies.
Accomplishments
Army Achievement Medal for impacting the communications network and overall success of Key Resolve 13 in Yong San,
Korea.
Air Force Achievement Medal for supporting Operation Iraqi Freedom and performing as an outstanding senior
controller.
Certificate of Achievement for outstanding support as a member of the Tiger Team during the Windows 7 Migration.
Good Conduct Medal for exemplary behavior, efficiency and fidelity in active federal military service.
Skills
IT Skills: Army - Cisco - Information Technology - IP - LAN - Windows 7 - Network - protocols - repairs -
Routing - San - test equipment - troubleshoot - WAN
Soft Skills: counseling - customer assistance - documentation - personnel - policies - supervisor
Technical Skills: database - inventory
Extracurricular Activities
Excellent communication techniques Manufacturing systems integration
Multidisciplinary exposure Design instruction creation
•Project management
•Complex problem solver
•Advanced critical thinking
•SharePoint
•Microsoft Excel, Project and Visio